Talk about a time you had to resolve a conflict in a team.
		Situation: Two team members wanted to use different backend frameworks, Flask vs Springboot.
		Task: Needed to decide on one framework.
		Action: weigh the pros and cons of the two options and picked accordingly.
		Result:  due to our team members mostly being familiar with python, we decided to use flask to speed up development and avoid having to pick up new technologies when not necessary.
		
		
		
Talk about a time you had to explain a technical project to a non-technical stakeholder.
		Situation: Needed to explain what our project is doing to a non-technical sponsor.
		Task: Translate technical jargon (backend, frontend, cloud database, authentication tokens) to project sponsor.
		Action: Explained to sponsor what each team member is resposible for and what part it plays in the project architecture as whole, keeping everything understandable using laymen's terms.
		Result:  Sponsor is kept in the loop with the development team and understands our stages of development.
		
		
		
Talk about a time you failed, and what did you learn from it?
		As a full time college student also working part-time, I had an important calculus mid term coming up. Due to my tight schedule, I overlooked the need to plan out my tasks in advanced, which resulted in me not dedicating enough time to prepare.
		I took the exam without adequate preparation and did not achieve the result I had hoped for. I saw this as an an opportunity to learn from my mistake, and become more organized.
		From that point onwards, I carefully managed my time with a busy schedule, and allocated time to each of my tasks.
		
		
Describe a project you worked on.
		Situation: Assigned to create a flight route planning system in Java for Data Structures & Algorithms class.
		Task: Given a graph of flight routes with cost values assigned to each route, utilize Data Structures & Algorithms concepts to return most cost efficient path from point A to B.
		Action: Implemented the various algorithms taught in the course. Compared the results.
		Result: Utilized Dijkstra's algorithm because it uses priority queue to find the absolute cheapest path in a weighted graph.
		
		
		
How do you stay motivated in an uncertain situation.
		To stay motivated in an uncertain situation whether it be a layoff, weak job market. the first thing I do is acknowledge that there are many factors that are not under my control.
		I make sure to stay up to date with evolving technolgies and practices in the industry. Knowing that I am trying the best I possibly can helps me stay motivated.
		
		
Talk about a time you had to learn a new technology quickly.
		Situation: Assigned to a team to develop a full-stack web application for senior capstone course. 
		Task: Create a basic functioning web app to present to the client on Week 1 of development phase.
		Action: Applying previous knowledge of python, javascript, and SQL fundementals, I picked up flask for backend, react for frontend, and postgres for database.
		Result:  Delivered the client a functioning application to show that development has begun.
		
		
		

Talk about a time where you had to show leadership.
		My project team had not yet initiated the development phase, and our client check-in meeting was approaching.
		We needed to create a minimal viable web app to show to the client and present our project architecture, while keeping the approaching deadline in mind.
		I designed and developed a basic fullstack web application using Flask, React, Postgres. I picked these technolgies based on my teams' past programming experience.
		The team continued development using my design choices from my initial contribution, speeding up development due the use of familiar technologies.
		
		
		
How do you keep up with a busy schedule?
		During my time at UT Dallas, I was a full-time student while working 20 hours part-time in the retail industry during holiday season.
		I had to keep up with lectures, coursework deadlines, and exams while having to manage retail operations during busy hours.
		I learned to manage my time, organized my weekly schedule, addressed any scheduling conflicts early on.
		as a result, I did well in school and work. Improved my time management skills. Gained experience with working with a tight schedule.
		
		
		
Talk about a time you were under a lot of pressure, and how did you deal with it?
		I recently completed my senior capstone project and the date to present our projects to the class was approaching. As team lead, I was selected to present our work to a large audience.
		As someone who struggles with public speaking, the pressure grew day by day. 
		I dealt with it by rehearsing my presentation over several days, and presenting it to a smaller group of people. I also thought of any possible follow up questions the audience might ask.
		By the time the presentation day came, I was confident in my speaking abilites and I was able to communicate my group's project details with ease.
		
		

Describe a goal you had set for yourself and how you achieved it.
		Situation: The cloud industry widely utilizes Kubernetes to manage deployemnt of applications on large compute clusters with redundancy. I saw the value in this skill.
		Task: I prefer to learn with hands-on experience, I tasked my self with building a small cluster and deploying a containerized application on it.
		Action: I built a cluster of 2 mini-PC's running Kubernetes (k3s) on Debian Linux and ran a containerized minecraft game server on the cluster.
		Result:  Gained hands-on experience with Linux Infrastructure management, Containerization, and Kubernetes architecture. 
		
		
		